Environments cleanup job removes Runtime CRs (#1461)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/06-20-environments-cleanup-cronjob.md

* Gardener project of choice to filter Shoots without a proper label and remove lingering shoots
* the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) database to get an Instance ID for each SAP BTP, Kyma runtime marked for deletion
* KEB to trigger Kyma runtime deprovisioning

> * Kubernetes client to cleanup Runtime CRs created directly using Kyma Infrastructure Manager omitting KEB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes client to clean up Runtime CRs created directly using Kyma Infrastructure Manager and omitting KEB
```
